TELCODOCS-1907 : RN Tuning CNI- ALLMULTI flag (GA, 4.14.z backport) (#80045)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

With this release, the ability to create a MAC-VLAN, IP-VLAN, and VLAN subinterface based on a master interface in a container namespace is generally available. You can use this feature to create the master interfaces as part of the pod network configuration in a separate network attachment definition. You can then base the VLAN, MACVLAN or IPVLAN on this interface without knowing the network configuration of the node. For more information, see xref:../networking/multiple_networks/configuring-additional-network.html#nw-about-configuring-master-interface-container_configuring-additional-network[About configuring the master interface in the container network namespace].

[id="ocp-4-14-all-multicast"]
==== Supporting all-multicast mode

> OpenShift Container Platform release now supports configuring the all-multicast mode by using the tuning CNI plugin. This update eliminates the need to grant the `NET_ADMIN` capability to the pod's Security Context Constraints (SCC), enhancing security by minimizing potential vulnerabilities for your pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} release now supports configuring the all-multicast mode by using the tuning CNI plugin. This update eliminates the need to grant the `NET_ADMIN` capability to the pod's Security Context Constraints (SCC), enhancing security by minimizing potential vulnerabilities for your pods.
```
